README.md, before:

<img src='gradetools-banner.png' align="center" width="100%" alt="a hex shaped logo with a cat in front of a laptop sending out paper planes and a notepad with A+ on it. The logo reads gradetools"/>

**Note: The repo is currently under construction. Material will be finalized one week prior to the workshop.**

This repo hosts material for the workshop [_Automate your grading workflow with gradetools: a grading assistant in RStudio_](https://www.causeweb.org/cause/uscots/uscots23/w12-automate-your-grading-workflow-gradetools-grading-assistant-rstudio-room-105) that will be held on June 1st, 2023 from 1:00 to 4:30pm ET during the [USCOTS 2023](https://www.causeweb.org/cause/uscots/uscots23) conference (Room 105).

Please fill out this brief [pre-workshop survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfeZjPRRNA3SqXNiOBHCsOSqJE7SweW7dbG4-YbmkGdu9uvCw/viewform?usp=sf_link) by Monday, May 29th.

This is a hands-on workshop, and we want to make sure everyone comes prepared to get the most out of it. There are some [requirements and recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Bh17nAwhkXhkyOfdiDouxyFaAxeeR7QzM1kbuiraSMM/edit#heading=h.z8r4uf686pdz) that we ask you to complete before attending the workshop on June 1st.

## Workshop timeline

- **First part** (1-2:30pm)
  -  Introduction 
  -  Grading preparation
  -  Core grading functionalities

- **Break** (2:30-3pm)

- **Second part** (3-4:30pm)
  - Extended grading functionalities
  - gradetools + GitHub
  - Q&A and Feedback

## Feedback

After the workshop, you can submit feedback on gradetools [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdbX-PSiq-1F1BNG7qAASF9ycIOUZQw_Lv1llxa23YHLQ-vWQ/viewform?usp=sf_link).

Commit message:

update readme with finalized timeline

README.md, after:

<img src='gradetools-banner.png' align="center" width="100%" alt="a hex shaped logo with a cat in front of a laptop sending out paper planes and a notepad with A+ on it. The logo reads gradetools"/>

This repo hosts material for the workshop [_Automate your grading workflow with gradetools: a grading assistant in RStudio_](https://www.causeweb.org/cause/uscots/uscots23/w12-automate-your-grading-workflow-gradetools-grading-assistant-rstudio-room-105) that will be held on June 1st, 2023 from 1:00 to 4:30pm ET during the [USCOTS 2023](https://www.causeweb.org/cause/uscots/uscots23) conference (Room 105).

| Slides                              | Timeline       |
|-------------------------------------|----------------|
| [Introduction](https://federicazoe.github.io/gradetools-uscots2023/slides/01-introduction.html)                           | 1 - 1:30 pm    |
| [Grading inputs and outputs](https://federicazoe.github.io/gradetools-uscots2023/slides/02-grading-inputs-outputs.html)   | 1:30 - 2:15 pm |
| [Core grading functionalities](https://federicazoe.github.io/gradetools-uscots2023/slides/03-core-grading.html)           | 2:15 - 2:30 pm |
| Break                                                                                                                     | 2:30 - 3 pm    |
| [Additional grading functionalities](https://federicazoe.github.io/gradetools-uscots2023/slides/04-extended-grading.html) | 3 - 3:30 pm    |
| [gradetools + GitHub](https://federicazoe.github.io/gradetools-uscots2023/slides/05-github.html)                          | 3:30 - 4:15 pm |

### Feedback

After the workshop, you can submit feedback on gradetools [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdbX-PSiq-1F1BNG7qAASF9ycIOUZQw_Lv1llxa23YHLQ-vWQ/viewform?usp=sf_link).

### Prerequisites

This is a hands-on workshop, and we want to make sure everyone comes prepared to get the most out of it. There are some [requirements and recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Bh17nAwhkXhkyOfdiDouxyFaAxeeR7QzM1kbuiraSMM/edit#heading=h.z8r4uf686pdz) that we ask you to complete before attending the workshop.
